Sprint1

11/29/21
	Began setting up our project board

	Added features as user stories

	Scrum Questions:
		What did you do yestarday?
			It was a holiday weekend so no one did anything
		What will you do today?
			Everyone: create project board, team meeting
			Ishaan: work on a drag drop thing for ui in game
			Audrey: make a start screen
			Tanner: make google drive shared folder, setup QT and Box2D
			Michael: Setup QT and Box2D
			Victor: Research sprites to be used in game
		What is in your way?
			Ishaan: Not familiar with QT drag and drop structure
			Audrey: QT background setup
			Tanner: Inexpierence with QT and Box2d lib
			Michael: Inexpierence with QT and Box2d lib
			Victor: Artistic abilities are not the best, so we will need to find some online

11/30/21
	Scrum Questions:
		What did you do yestarday?
			Ishaan: Worked on drag and drop buttons
			Audrey: Finding graphic elements we can use
			Tanner: Set up Box2d and integrated with QT
			Victor: Searched for sprite sheets for game
			Michael: Set up Box2d and integrated with QT
		What will you do today?
			Ishaan: Debugged drag and drop buttons
			Audrey: Looking for graphical elements
			Tanner: Looking for graphical elements, fix QT
			Victor: Game design development
			Michael: Game design development
		What is in your way?
			Ishaan: Learning new QObjects
			Audrey: Lack of resources
			Tanner:	QT being funky
			Victor:	Not knowing how the game plays
			Michael: What makes a game good

	Discussed how the game will work, how it will be played, what is to be taught, and how those concepts will be taught. 

	Talk does not cook rice

12/1/21
	Scrum Questions:
		What did you do yestarday?
			Ishaan: Worked on mechanics of drag and drop
			Audrey: Adding resources to project
			Tanner: Worked on fixing QT development enviornment
			Victor: Looked for sprites that will be compatible with game
			Michael: Worked on game mechanics and how game will be played
		What will you do today?
			Ishaan: Making a grid for game board
			Audrey: Make loading bars
			Tanner: Fix QT development enviornment, work on finding backgorund for game
			Victor: Get sprites, look at box2d for animation
			Michael: Make grid for game board
		What is in your way?
			Ishaan: Piecing all the widgets together is hard
			Audrey: Finding loading bar sprites
			Tanner:	QT doesn't work still
			Victor:	Unfamiliarity with box2d
			Michael: adding different sized blocks

	Sprint 2 Discussion:
		What is our theme?
			Get a working game board, functionality can come later, but get the board working

	Sprint 1 Accomplishments:
		In sprint 1, we were able to get a Qt project up and running. We included and imported box2d to make sure our dependencies are set up correct. We also implemented a drag and drop feature where we are able to create and delete blocks, and move them between two columns. The blocks also change colors when they are moved from one column to another. We will expand this feature to use it as the grid system for our game.